During the last 12 months I have been deployed on the Scottish Government contract at Saughton House.

I was assigned as the Solution Architect on the AECS and FGS  Submissions Rollover for 2017/18 where I assembled all the necessary coding and data changes required for the AECS and FGS Submissions Rollover for 2017/18. This was very detailed work and required a good deal of collaboration with the Business Analyst and the SG Product Owners. The project was successfully delivered on schedule and ensured a smooth transition from 2017 into 2018 for AECS and FGS applications.

From December 2017 I embarked on a steep learning curve on the Voluntary Coupling Scheme for Suckling Cattle and Upland Sheep. My detailed investigations into the inner working of the scheme allowed me to provide support and guidance to a number of fellow CGI colleagues who were engaged in producing a new set of use cases.  

From March 2018 I also took on responsibility for the team of Architects and Designers within the A&D team on the ARE account at the Scottish Government. I chair a weekly Architect and Designers meeting where we cover all aspects of design on the SG systems and discuss issues and agree improvements to our methodology and processes. I have been closely involved in finalising the latest templates of the High Level Design documentation in conjunction with the design community and the SG Architecture Office. I have also been closely involved with the CGI Service Improvement team in the deployment of a new Development Lifecycle Methodology which is now used across the CGI account at the SG.

In April 2018 I was assigned as one of the Solution Architect team working on Project E (Entitlements). This is a very complex area of the SG system and given the scope and timescales involved we have been working to a hybrid methodology combining the new methodology mentioned above and a Agile development approach. In the next few weeks I will be pulling together all of the design for presenting to the SG Architecture Office. As part of this I have been responsible for a very detailed piece, that of the "Entitlement Clawback" rule set. My design here is currently under development. 

In summary I have enjoyed the last twelve months with CGI and look forward to developing my knowledge of the SG client systems, but also of looking for opportunities for widening my skills and experience with the organisation.
